# Contributing
## How can I help?
There are many ways in which you can support the development of this project. **Be sure to consult me first before committing anything**. Here are a few ideas:

* Contribute to the source code. No matter your skill set, there is usually something for everyone to contribute. From in-code documentation, minor enhancement, or major implementations, you are free to do whatever that is comfortable within your ability; most of what I am looking for is in the [issues tracker]. However, be sure to reach out to me first before starting out on any changes. See below for more information.

* Write or improve documentation. As the main developer, it is hard to know what sort of information should be written down for others - whether they are another fellow programmer or play tester - that would be helpful to them.

* Introduce fixes and improvements in the [issues tracker]. As an amateur web developer, I might not guarantee that whatever ideas proposed will get implemented, but I'll definitely make note of them (and someone better than me could even get their hands on it!).

## The code
The project is exclusively a front-end web app written in **TypeScript**, which uses **WebPack** to compile all of our TypeScript code and CSS into WebPack bundles. As of now (10/28/2024), the project is a single-page app (SPA) with a single bundle file, but that will most likely change in the near future when we slowly move away from the humble MVP, and to something more worthy of hosting. Below are the npm commands you'll most likely be using.

* `npm install` - the first thing you run when cloning the repo; installs all the necessary modules.
* `npm run build` - compiles your code according to the [WebPack config file].
* `npm run dev` - does the above, but re-compiles on change.

The web app is based purely on the MVC structure for ease of programming. The bulk of the code is related to the gameplay itself. 

#### Model
In terms of the model side, the data is a static TS file that is slightly modified from a JSON generated by a **Python** script (more on that later). The model - loosely speaking - is centralized around one giant single-instance object: `series.ts`. `series.ts` is in charge of all the moving pieces related on the data side for the view to display. The remaining TS files in [model] are classes - each class is self-explanatory. 

### View
TBD

### Data
TBD

## Making changes
As previously mentioned, be sure to let me know if you make any changes, and what files you plan on making the changes on. The typical procedure that I follow is as follows:

0. If there is already a branch for the change you are making, clone it. **Only make any changes on this branch**.
1. If there is not, clone the main branch, and create a new branch to work on.
2. Code, commit and push on this branch.
3. Once you are done, create a pull request with the main branch so I can have a look at it.
4. If the code works as intended, it will be merged with the main branch.

[issues tracker]: https://github.com/uyennhiquang/knk-novel-trial/issues
[model]: https://github.com/uyennhiquang/knk-novel-trial/tree/main/src/model
[WebPack config file]: https://github.com/uyennhiquang/knk-novel-trial/blob/main/webpack.config.js
